Bump `open-autonomy` framework (#52)
valory-xyz/price-oracle: docs/index.md

## Demo

In order to run a local demo of the Price Oracle service with a Hardhat node:

1. [Set up your system](https://docs.autonolas.network/open-autonomy/guides/set_up/) to work with the Open Autonomy framework. We recommend that you use these commands:

    ```bash
    mkdir your_workspace && cd your_workspace
    touch Pipfile && pipenv --python 3.10 && pipenv shell

>     pipenv install open-autonomy[all]==0.9.0

Reviewer: This is not correct

Author: This is from your commit.

Reviewer: Yes, the commit was made **before** the final changes to bump to 0.9.1. 
After these changes it must ensure that the tutorials are up to date.
Please update the version here.

Author: Done in d904fded89daeaafcd8c24c5917428ae70fefd82.

    ??? example "Generating an example `keys.json` file"

        <span style="color:red">**WARNING: Use this file for testing purposes only. Never use the keys or addresses provided in this example in a production environment or for personal use.**</span>

        ```bash
        cat > keys.json << EOF
        [
          {
            "address": "0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266",
            "private_key": "0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80"
          },
          {
            "address": "0x70997970C51812dc3A010C7d01b50e0d17dc79C8",
            "private_key": "0x59c6995e998f97a5a0044966f0945389dc9e86dae88c7a8412f4603b6b78690d"
          },
          {
            "address": "0x3C44CdDdB6a900fa2b585dd299e03d12FA4293BC",
            "private_key": "0x5de4111afa1a4b94908f83103eb1f1706367c2e68ca870fc3fb9a804cdab365a"
          },
          {
            "address": "0x90F79bf6EB2c4f870365E785982E1f101E93b906",
            "private_key": "0x7c852118294e51e653712a81e05800f419141751be58f605c371e15141b007a6"
          }
        ]
        EOF
        ```

5. Build the service deployment.
   

>     The `--use-hardhat` flag below, adds an image with a hardhat node containing some defaults, e.g., a gnosis safe.
>     Any image with a hardhat node can be used instead of the default `valory/open-autonomy-hardhat` by using an 
>     environment variable. This service needs the Autonolas registries in order to run. There is an image for that, 
>     and we can override the hardhat image with the registries one, which contains all the necessary contracts deployed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `--use-hardhat` flag below, adds an image with a Hardhat node containing some default smart contracts (e.g., a [Safe](https://safe.global/)) to the service deployment.
    You can use any image with a Hardhat, instead of the default `valory/open-autonomy-hardhat`. To achieve that, you need to modify the environment variable `HARDHAT_IMAGE_NAME`.
    
    The Price Oracle service demo requires the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts in order to run. We conveniently provide the image `valory/autonolas-registries` containing them. Therefore, build the deployment as follows:
```

Author: Done in 744c5a0613253402a75ec24125c2a63c03e973db.
